README.md, before:

# goCheap

# this is a react native mobile application generated using expo-cli

# this project uses cheapshark api available on github apis to display exciting deals on different game price available on different stores.

# initial screen shows a list of all available deals in all stores.

# user can click on any list item to view detailed view of game and deal price

# app provides functanolity to search deals bu game title or store Id.

# app launch process:-

# clone repo in any directory - git clone https://github.com/sushilkumar50/goCheap.git

# install latest stable version of node from nodejs.org

# install expo-cli npm install --global expo-cli

# go to cloned directory

# install dependencies using npm or yarn : - npm install or yarn install

# install expo client on your android or ios device

# run yarn start in cloned directory

# it will open expo metro bundler in your browser now open expo client in your mobile and scan bar code on left side of metro bundler.

# now your application will start bundling and that is finished app will open in your mobile emulator.

Commit message:

updated readme file and some styling changes

README.md, after:

# goCheap

# this is a react native mobile application generated using expo-cli

this project uses cheapshark api available on github apis to display exciting deals on different game price available on different stores.
initial screen shows a list of all available deals in all stores.user can click on any list item to view detailed view of game and deal price

app provides functanolity to search deals bu game title or store Id.

# app launch process:-

clone repo in any directory - git clone https://github.com/sushilkumar50/goCheap.git
or down load zip file and extract it to some folder

install latest stable version of node from nodejs.org

install expo-cli npm install --global expo-cli

go to cloned directory

install dependencies using npm or yarn :- npm install or yarn install

install expo client on your android or ios device

run yarn start or npm run start in cloned directory

it will open expo metro bundler in your browser now open expo client in your mobile and scan bar code on left side of metro bundler window.

now your application should start bundling and that is finished app will open in your mobile emulator.

# future scope for application

application can be further extended to display list of available games and game look up

api supports supports store search up as well where user can look up for stores

users can set alerts as well to get notifications for game prices
